TS3D-917 Documentation iframe configuration (#60)
r2u-io/documentation: docs/guides/iframe/getting-started.md

---
title: Getting started
---

> You can easily integrated our solution on your website using [iframe](https://developer.mozilla.org/pt-BR/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe) tag. All of you need is the informations about your `custumerId` and `sku` of your products.

Reviewer: using the iframe tag

> You can easily integrated our solution on your website using [iframe](https://developer.mozilla.org/pt-BR/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe) tag. All of you need is the informations about your `custumerId` and `sku` of your products.

Reviewer: All you need are

> You can easily integrated our solution on your website using [iframe](https://developer.mozilla.org/pt-BR/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe) tag. All of you need is the informations about your `custumerId` and `sku` of your products.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can easily integrate our solution on your website using the [iframe](https://developer.mozilla.org/pt-BR/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe) tag. All you need are the informations about your `custumerId` and your products' `sku`.
```

## Viewer R2U

> Our Viewer allow you to render a 3D model in full screen by passing the `custumerId` and `sku` as query parameters to the URL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our Viewer allows you to render a 3D model in full screen by passing the `custumerId` and the `sku` as query parameters to the URL.
```

```
https://viewer.r2u.io/embed?customerId=:custumerId&sku=:sku
```

## Integration

You just need provide the URL with the right parameters in the `src` property of the iframe tag.

```html
<iframe

>   src="https://viewer.r2u.io/embed/?customerId=:customerId&sku=:sku"

Reviewer: Acho que não tá claro aqui que o parâmetro é `:customerId` e `:sku`

Talvez botar `CUSTOMER_ID` e `SKU`?

  width="100%"
  height="100%"
  frameborder="0"
  scrolling="no"
  allowxr="yes"
  allow="xr-spatial-tracking;fullscreen;camera"
></iframe>
```

> We recommend that you use this properties of the iframe tag to enjoy a better experience:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend that you use these properties of the iframe tag to enjoy a better experience:
```
